hi I'm just I'm looking for a chef who's
asked John chef junior do your son my
son Junior yeah
you know they say that cash shed is a
bad mother shut up now ignore him he's a
black James Bond that dude was real you
think it was me investigation I want to
babysit your ass never long enough lady
syphilis
madam chlamydia it's lovely to meet you
both as juniors well she'll look better
please tell me that you did not get out
son involved in your book picked up a
bet you can't beat up a woman or not
because she's a misogynistic one being
misogynistic
I ain't mention agenda okay I'm an
equal-opportunity ass
by ridiculousness
right Sarge
you okay yeah
[Music]
but back in the day we didn't need guns
all we needed was our bare knuckle damn
grandpa oh you can't be too prepared
let me get my key back it having an
iPhone oh hell do I shut it
damn right what's up
[Music]